Update redirected links, part4 (#35220)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/at_ten/history_of_mdn/index.md

Time: _0:31:50 - 0:32:22_ and _0:51:35 - 0:58:05_

> The redesign of MDN was a big project. [Sean Martell](https://x.com/mart3ll) designed the new MDN visual identity. It was then an iterative process with a beta user group of 3000 MDNers during several months. The new look was behind a "Waffle flag" (MDN's feature flag system). Major shout-outs also to [David Walsh](https://x.com/davidwalshblog/) who was really championing the entire redesign and gave MDN the front-end that it deserves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The redesign of MDN was a big project. [Sean Martell](http://www.seanmartell.com/) designed the new MDN visual identity. It was then an iterative process with a beta user group of 3000 MDNers during several months. The new look was behind a "Waffle flag" (MDN's feature flag system). Major shout-outs also to [David Walsh](https://davidwalsh.name/) who was really championing the entire redesign and gave MDN the front-end that it deserves.
```
twitter is no longer visible unless logged in. this links to their home pages.

![Justin Crawford](hoosteeno.jpg)

> Justin moderates this talk and makes things with code, words, bike parts, and lumber. He is [@hoosteeno](https://x.com/hoosteeno) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Justin moderates this talk and makes things with code, words, bike parts, and lumber. He is [@hoosteeno](https://mastodon.social/@hoosteeno) on Mastodon.social.
```
he is no longer on X

### Eric "Sheppy" Shepherd<br>Technical Writer, MDN

![Eric Shepherd](a2sheppy.png)

> Sheppy has been here documenting for Mozilla since 2006, and has a lot of history (and crazy ideas) when it comes to MDC and MDN over the years. He is [@sheppy](https://x.com/sheppy) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sheppy has been here documenting for Mozilla since 2006, and has a lot of history (and crazy ideas) when it comes to MDC and MDN over the years. He is [@sheppy](https://x.com/sheppy) on X.
```
I don't know if he is still there.

### Jérémie Patonnier<br>Technical Writer, MDN

![Jérémie Patonnier](jeremiepat.jpg)

> Jérémie is a long time contributor to the Mozilla Developer Network, and a professional web developer since 2000. He's advocating web standards and write documentation about web technologies with the will to make them accessible to everybody. He is [@JeremiePat](https://x.com/JeremiePat) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jérémie is a long time contributor to the Mozilla Developer Network, and a professional web developer since 2000. He's advocating web standards and write documentation about web technologies with the will to make them accessible to everybody. He is [@JeremiePat](https://github.com/JeremiePat) on GitHub.
```

### Janet Swisher<br>Community Manager, MDN

![Janet Swisher](jmswisher.jpg)

> Janet is a Mozilla Community Manager for Mozilla Developer Network. She joined Mozilla in 2010, and has been involved in open source software since 2004 and in technical communication since the 20th century. She is [@jmswisher](https://x.com/jmswisher) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Janet is a Mozilla Community Manager for Mozilla Developer Network. She joined Mozilla in 2010, and has been involved in open source software since 2004 and in technical communication since the 20th century. She is [@jmswisher](https://mastodon.social/@jmswisher) on Mastodon.social.
```

### Stormy Peters

![Stormy Peters](yaacgvya.jpg)

> Stormy is [@storming](https://x.com/storming) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find Stormy at [StormysCorner.com](https://stormyscorner.com/).
```

### Ali Spivak<br>Herder of awesome MDN cats

![Ali Spivak](iyqi3qpv.jpg)

> Ali Spivak manages content & community on the Mozilla Developer Network and spends her time thinking of ways to help make the Web even more awesome. She is passionate about maintaining a free and open Web, and, after jumping into open source when she joined Mozilla in 2012, has focused on building and participating in the developer communities at Mozilla. She is [@alispivak](https://x.com/alispivak) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ali Spivak manages content & community on the Mozilla Developer Network and spends her time thinking of ways to help make the Web even more awesome. She is passionate about maintaining a free and open Web, and, after jumping into open source when she joined Mozilla in 2012, has focused on building and participating in the developer communities at Mozilla. She is [@alispivak](https://x.com/alispivak) on X.
```
i think she is still there

### Jean-Yves Perrier<br>Technical Writer, MDN

![Jean-Yves Perrier](teoli2003.png)

> Jean-Yves has been a Technical Writer on MDN since 2010 and joined Mozilla full-time at the end of 2011. He is passionate about the open Web, with 15 years of C++ experience. He is Swiss but lives in London, UK. His Erdös number is 5 and he is [@Teoli2003](https://x.com/Teoli2003) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jean-Yves has been a Technical Writer on MDN since 2010 and joined Mozilla full-time at the end of 2011. He is passionate about the open Web, with 15 years of C++ experience. He lives in Sion, Switzerland. His Erdös number is 5 and he is [@Teoli2003](https://github.com/Teoli2003) on GitHub.
```

Author: @estelle I would prefer to change nothing except the links, because the article describes their status at the time of writing.

> Jean-Yves has been a Technical Writer on MDN since 2010 and joined Mozilla full-time at the end of 2011. He is passionate about the open Web, with 15 years of C++ experience. He is Swiss but lives in London, UK. His Erdös number is 5 and he is [@Teoli2003](https://x.com/Teoli2003) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jean-Yves has been a Technical Writer on MDN since 2010 and joined Mozilla full-time at the end of 2011. He is passionate about the open Web, with 15 years of C++ experience. He is Swiss but lives in London, UK. His Erdös number is 5 and he is [@Teoli2003](https://github.com/Teoli2003) on GitHub.
```
let's then update to github or [@teoli2003@mamot.fr](https://mamot.fr/@teoli2003)  - he's changed from x to mastodon.

### Florian Scholz<br>Technical Writer, MDN

![Florian Scholz](elchi3.jpg)

> Florian is a Technical Writer at Mozilla focused on open web technologies. He is a wiki gnome, gardening the documentation as if it were flowers, and he likes to work with the community toward the goal of documenting the Web and making it accessible to everyone. Florian is passionate about open source, he is based in Bremen, Germany, and tweets as [@floscholz](https://x.com/floscholz) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Florian is a Technical Writer at Mozilla focused on open web technologies. He is a wiki gnome, gardening the documentation as if it were flowers, and he likes to work with the community toward the goal of documenting the Web and making it accessible to everyone. Florian is passionate about open source, he is based in Bremen, Germany, and commits as [@Elchi3](https://github.com/Elchi3) on GitHub.
```

### David Walsh<br>Web developer, MDN

![David Walsh](darkwing.png)

> Mozilla Sr. Web Developer, Front-End Engineer, MooTools Core Developer, JavaScript Fanatic, CSS Tinkerer, PHP Hacker, web and open source lover. David is [@davidwalshblog](https://x.com/davidwalshblog) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mozilla Sr. Web Developer, Front-End Engineer, MooTools Core Developer, JavaScript Fanatic, CSS Tinkerer, PHP Hacker, web and open source lover. David's home on the web is [davidwalsh.name](https://davidwalsh.name/).
```

### Luke Crouch<br>Web developer, MDN

![Luke Crouch](groovecoder.png)

> Luke Crouch is a home-brewer, soccer fan and web developer for Mozilla. He's been developing on the web since 1996, using Firefox since 2004, writing open source software since 2006, and joined Mozilla as the first staff MDN web dev in 2010. Luke is [@groovecoder](https://x.com/groovecoder) on Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Luke Crouch is a home-brewer, soccer fan and web developer for Mozilla. He's been developing on the web since 1996, using Firefox since 2004, writing open source software since 2006, and joined Mozilla as the first staff MDN web dev in 2010. Luke is [@groovecoder](https://github.com/groovecoder) on GitHub.
```
